= Freeing the Winery from Feral Druids

== Approaching the Winery
The feral druids keep some kind of perimiter guard consisting of a few druids and a lot of animated pine-needle shooting branches. As it approaches, the party politely waits for Salvatore to nail them with a fireball, which we assume will be super-effective against being made out of dry pine needles.

Salvatore explains that he never learned the fireball spell. After a brief 'cheese shop'-style inquiry into what fire spells Salvatore *does* know, we learn Salvatore like to avoid avoids pretty much any kind of fire at all costs.

So instead, Corrian blows up most of the needle shooting twigs with a burst of thunder, ensuring that every druid anywhere nearby knows we have arrived.

Salvatore makes Rogar double in size, and Rogar uses smashing and fire breathing to clean up a lot of druid minions. Salvatore judiciously applies magic missles to stragglers.

While they dispatch druid mininos, Barry "beats the shit out of" the druids themselves. These encounters go fabulously badly for the druids, until one throws up a plant trap around Barry's legs in defense.

Moments later, the party learns exactly why Barry is normally so studious about using his speed to keep his distance from large groups of foes. The few remaining plant things swarm Barry. Shyrrik and Corrian have a quick conversation about why neither of them prepared much in the way of heal spells today, having anticipated spending the day mostly walking and then drinking wine. By the time they finish their chat Barry has vanished under the pile of attackers, and is either being surprisingly stoic about it, or is maybe just dead.

In spite of the risk of wasting it, Shyrrik breaks out what healing prayers he did prepare.  The powerful healing prayer targets everyone oin the party, and so patches up a small scratch that Courion had received from a glancing needle earlier in the scirmish.

Barry emerges from the pile of attackers, after a suitably suspenseful delay. 

Slash finishes off the remaining druid by delivering a pychic attack which the group assumes to be a concentrated essense of bagpipe, based on the druid's dying agony.

The group finds a lot of useless stuff and about a hundred copper on the bodies of the druids.

Salvatore conjures a magically tiny hut for the group to rest in. The party spends an uneventful evening recovering and trying to distract Slash long enough to drop copper pieces into his bagpipes.


== Inside the Winery
Sounds inside the winery make it clear that at least one feral druid remains, so the party heads inside to scout.

=== A Secret Door
Rogar quickly finds a secret door, which leads to a cave. Courion learns from the Ravens that the cave is full of danger. Since we heard the noises from the remaining druid on the second floor, the group leaves the secret door alone, for now.

=== A Kitchen
They find the winery kitchen, and decide to investigate very carefully. Several portions of meat, fish, and wine are determined not to contain the feral druid. The group decides that locating the remaining threat needs to take precedence over cleaning up after their meal, and so set out again.

=== An Opportunity for Theft
They search the winery bedrooms and find a rocking horse that is clearly a Blinksy Original, and a not-well-enough hidden key to the winery treasurey, which contains quite a bit of treasure. After carefully considering what sort of people they are, and whether such a theft could be traced back to them, they leave the treasure intact and return the key to its hiding place. Salvatore feels certain the theft would be noticed. Rogar hesitates to steal from potential allies. Barry simply can't be bothered with the extra weight. Shyrrik was careful to keep Courion out of the room during this conversation, as he felt certain Courion's new found Raven-ness would cloud the issue.

=== Druid with A Vampire Staff
The group catches up to the final druid, in the carriage building. The druid brags of the power given to him by his vampire staff. He doesn't brag for long, as Shyrrik blinds him, and then Rogar smashes him.

Salvatore studies the staff and determines that it is the Golthias staff - which is capable of stealing life from opponents. Barry determines "I could smack people with that."

=== Heading to Yesterhill

The group lets the wine keepers know it is safe to return to the winery, and that the feral druids left a mess in the kitchen. The monks ask the group to escort the next wine shipment back to Valaki. The party agrees after minimal haggling, since they are motivated to have the Blue Moon Inn to have a full supply of free-to-house-amor drinks.

But, following the logic of 'the wine must flow', the group heads first to Yesterhill to recover the minimal single gem needed to restore the winery to operation. They figure they'll grab the sacred sun sword if they happen to see it there, as well - it could be useful when they inevitably piss off Straud with their puppet.

At Yesterhill they find a towering wooden statue of Straud surrounded by shallow stone graves. 

Rogar judges the statue unsightly and promptly burns it down with his fire breath. Saltavore takes a brisk walk to the nearby, but actually pretty far away, tree on Yesterhill, which both needs investigating, and isn't on fire.

Feral druids climb out of the shallow stone graves and rush up Yesterhill to either split the part or rescue the statue, but the sheer size of the hill prevents either. One druid gets the shit kicked out of him early, as Barry can't be bothered to wait around for them to make it up the hill.  Rogar finds the magic gem he seeks in the ashes of the statue, long before any druids can reach them.

Shyrrik has a quick chat with a dead Servant of Ethelbert, who helpfully warns them that the tree on Yesterhill can defend itself. Salvatore finds the Sunblade.

Straud descends on the group and inquires again whether they have made any progress finding or eliminating a stronger hero that actually bothers him, and also whether they have any leads on finding his lady love. The group lies pretty blatantly on both topics. Straud decides to feed on Barry. Barry survives, and actually thinks Straud is pretty great, afterward, possibly due to the magical aura of the Staff of Golthias.

After Sraud takes his leave in another cloud of bats, a ghostly servant of Ethelbert appears to Rogar and sings him a song. By about verse five, Rogar determines that the ghost is offering his powerful spear, decorated with the tragic history of House Ethelbert, in exchange for a promise to help lay Lord Ethelbert properly to rest, and maybe that the ghost misses dancing and wine.

=== Wine to Vallaki
The group rests again at the winery, then heads to Vallaki with three casks of wine under their care. Salvatore spends the trip giving evasive answers to probing personality questions posed to him by Sun Blade. Barry walks in silence, close enough to Saltavore to gaze lovingly on the puppet of Straud. Rogar, Shyrrik and Courian take turns distracting Slash while the others attempt to toss copper pieces into the bagpipes.

The encounter and enraged zombie blocking the path, who demands they state their feelings about Straud. Barry makes a convincing case that he thinks Straud is pretty great, and the man attacks. Salvatore avoids a battle by pulling out the Straud puppet and delivering a bit of the Straud mocking stand-up routine he has clearly been practicing in secret. The zombie urges the party to seek out castle Auginsholt, then shambles away.

The group delivers two casks of wine to their favorite inn, then takes the third to the Vistani camp, where they have heard there are moon elves. Salvatore admits to being a Moon Elf himself, but having no idea of their culture, as he was raised by humans.

The Vistani camp turns out to be full of male Moon Elves, the females having been murdered by Straud long ago. Salvatore learns he was smuggled out of the Moon Elf society as an infant in a Moon Elf statis box, which ended up being opened by humans 150 years later. 

This tale is interupted by a report that a young human Vistani girl has gone missing.
